Add support for Self type (#14041)
python/mypy: docs/source/generics.rst

You can also define generic methods — just use a type variable in the
method signature that is different from class type variables. In particular,
``self`` may also be generic, allowing a method to return the most precise
type known at the point of access.

.. note::

   This feature is experimental. Checking code with type annotations for self
   arguments is still not fully implemented. Mypy may disallow valid code or

>    allow unsafe code.

Reviewer: I think that we still allow some unsafe code. It would be good to document some cases if we remove this note. I can give some examples if it's helpful.

For some advanced uses of self-types see :ref:`additional examples <advanced_self>`.

Automatic self types using typing.Self
**************************************

The patterns described above are quite common, so there is a syntactic sugar
for them introduced in :pep:`673`. Instead of defining a type variable and
using an explicit ``self`` annotation, you can import a magic type ``typing.Self``
that is automatically transformed into a type variable with an upper bound of
current class, and you don't need an annotation for ``self`` (or ``cls`` for
class methods). The above example can thus be rewritten as:

.. code-block:: python

   from typing import Self

   class Friend:
       other: Self | None = None

       @classmethod
       def make_pair(cls) -> tuple[Self, Self]:
           a, b = cls(), cls()
           a.other = b
           b.other = a
           return a, b

   class SuperFriend(Friend):
       pass

   a, b = SuperFriend.make_pair()

This is more compact than using explicit type variables, plus additionally
you can use ``Self`` in attribute annotations, not just in methods.

.. note::

   This feature is available on Python 3.11 or newer. On older Python versions

>    you can import backported ``Self`` from latest ``typing_extensions``.

Reviewer: I'd suggest replacing 'latest' with 'recent enough' since otherwise it go stale quickly.

Reviewer 2: Also, it's misleading to start with "This feature is available on Python 3.11 or newer." Users will think they can't use `Self` before 3.11. I'd suggest saying:
```suggestion
   ``Self`` can be imported from ``typing`` on Python 3.11 or higher, and also from
   ``typing_extensions`` on version 4.0.0 or higher.
```
(Ref: https://github.com/python/typing_extensions/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#release-400-november-14-2021)

Author: Yes, I will make it more clear (or maybe just commit what Jelle proposed)
